# Command Line Interface

## [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

### install

Command used in Node.js and JavaScript projects to install and manage dependencies specified in a project's `package.json file`. It retrieves the necessary packages from the npm registry and installs them locally in the project's `/node_modules` directory.

```bash
npm install
```

### prepare

Command used to install the Husky package in a Node.js project. Husky is a Git hook manager that allows you to run scripts and commands at specific points in the Git workflow, such as before committing or pushing changes. This command retrieves the Husky package from the npm registry and installs it as a dev dependency in the project's `/node_modules` directory

```bash
npm run prepare
```

## [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)

### dev

Command used in a Vite project to start a local development server. Vite is a build tool that enables fast and efficient development of modern web applications. This command runs the `dev` script specified in the project's `package.json` file, which typically launches a local server at a specified port and watches for changes in the code to automatically reload the browser. This allows developers to rapidly iterate on their code and see the changes in real-time.

```bash
npm run dev
```

### build

Command used in a Vite project to create a production-ready build of the application. Vite is a build tool that enables fast and efficient development of modern web applications. This command runs the `build` script specified in the project's `package.json` file, which typically compiles and optimizes the code for production use, such as minifying files and removing unused code. The resulting files are output to a `/dist` directory, ready to be deployed to a production server.

```bash
npm run build
```

### preview

Command used in a Vite project to preview a production build locally before deploying it to a server. This command runs the `preview` script specified in the project's `package.json` file, which typically starts a local server to serve the production build files generated by running `npm run build`. This allows developers to ensure that the build is working correctly and catch any issues before deploying to a production server.

```bash
npm run preview
```

## [vue-tsc](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-tsc)

### typecheck

Command is used to check the types in TypeScript and Vue files using `vue-tsc`. This command helps to ensure that the code is type-safe and free of type-related errors, such as invalid data types or undefined variables.

```bash
npm run typecheck
```

## [ESLint](https://eslint.org)

### lint:js

Command is used to run `ESLint` on all JavaScript, TypeScript, and Vue files in your project, ensuring that the code adheres to the established style guide and best practices. `ESLint` is a static code analysis tool that helps to identify and flag potential issues with your code, such as syntax errors or style violations, and provides suggestions for how to resolve them.

```bash
npm run lint:js
```

### lintfix:js

Command is used to run `ESLint` on all JavaScript, TypeScript, and Vue files in your project, automatically fixing any issues that are found. `ESLint` is a static code analysis tool that helps to identify and flag potential issues with your code, such as syntax errors or style violations, and provides suggestions for how to resolve them.

```bash
npm run lintfix:js
```

## [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io)

### lint:styles

Command is used to run `Stylelint` on SCSS and Vue files, ensuring that the styles used in your project adhere to the established style guide and best practices. This command helps to identify any potential issues with your styles, such as syntax errors or formatting inconsistencies, and provides suggestions for how to resolve them.

```bash
npm run lint:styles
```

### lintfix:styles

Command is used to run `Stylelint` on SCSS and Vue files and automatically fix any style violations or formatting inconsistencies. `Stylelint` is a linter that helps to ensure that your project's styles adhere to the established style guide and best practices. This command helps to reduce the time and effort required to manually fix style violations or formatting inconsistencies in your code, allowing you to focus on more important aspects of development.

```bash
npm run lintfix:styles
```

## [Prettier](https://prettier.io)

### lint:prettier

Command is used to run `Prettier` on all files in your project, ensuring that the code is formatted consistently and follows the established style guide. `Prettier` is a code formatter that automatically formats your code based on a set of rules and guidelines, which helps to improve code readability and maintainability.

```bash
npm run lint:prettier
```

### lintfix:prettier

Command is used to run `Prettier` on all files in your project and automatically fix any formatting inconsistencies. `Prettier` is a code formatter that helps to ensure that the code is formatted consistently and follows the established style guide. This command helps to reduce the time and effort required to manually fix formatting inconsistencies in your code, allowing you to focus on more important aspects of development.

```bash
npm run lintfix:prettier
```

## [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

### test

Command is used to run all tests in a project using Vitest, a test runner for JavaScript/TypeScript projects. This command helps to ensure that the code is functioning as expected and that there are no regressions or issues introduced during development. Command is an essential part of the test-driven development (TDD) process and can help to reduce the amount of time and effort required for manual testing.

```bash
npm run test
```
